<h1>Data Analysis Personal Project (Microsoft's AdventureWorks Dataset)</h1>

In this project I will find the relationship of the standard cost and list price of products found in a sample dataset provided by Microsoft which is AdventureWorks. This project serves as a way to test my knowledge on ETL practices as well as experience working with databases.

<h1>Prompt: Using the Microsoft AdventureWorks sample dataset, write a SQL query to find the relationship between a product's standard cost of production and its list price based on product model. Once the data is gathered, import it into Excel to find the price increase/decrease in percentage format from standard cost of production to list price.</h1>

To start this project, I needed to find a sample dataset and database to store the sample dataset in. I opted to use Microsoft Azure services to further my education with homelabs, including this project. I created a SQL Server in Azure so that the SQL database can be successfully stored. During the creation process of the SQL database, I opted to import Microsoft's AdventureWorks dataset. Once everything completed its deployment in Azure, I then downloaded Microsoft's SQL Server Management Studion (SSMS) to use as an on-prem SQL Management software. Once it was downloaded, I connected it to the SQL Server I created in Azure by copy and pasting the server link and admin credentials. Now that everything was successfully authenticated, I was ready to write queries in the database that I created in Azure.
